# HTML_CSS-Final-Business-Page
Faux business webpage developed with HTML/CSS and Javascript for IT-270 Final

The purpose behind the site is to showcase the services available with My Uncles Auto Shop. For a small repair garage, a website is an important tool to help a small business stand out and compete with the bigger companies and to show the community the potential of local family-owned businesses. The ultimate result in which all business desire is to be noticed and for customers to want more information and to ultimately buy their goods and services. I want this website to show visitors the value and potential in my uncle’s business and in the long run, become valued customers of his services.<br>
I wanted to make sure I stood by and emphasized my purpose and focus on which the site was being created. Each page includes an audience first approach including speaking to the reader as to what my uncle’s business can do for them, as well as why my uncle’s business is a beneficial choice for their automotive repair and maintenance needs. I designed the site in a web-style wireframe deliberately to make sure that every page was accessible from the others so at no point would the viewer feel lost or trapped within a page. I also included additional links to my contact page throughout each page.<br>
For my overall design, I wanted to make sure that there were certain styling aspects common across each page. I utilized my main.css file to make sure that I was able to keep the header and footer styling the same across each page as well as attributes like font-family, color, and main body background colors the same across the whole site so that each page felt fluid and included with the rest of the site. I decided to utilize a darker color pallet for my site. A dark gray background with red lettering to make sure the content popped. This background also allowed me to color important content and information with an array of more vibrant colors. I decided to import a font-family that really appealed to me which was Oswalt, within the sans-serif family. I chose Oswalt because the text is clear and free of extravagant style, and easy to read at various font sizes and weights.<br>
For my homepage, I wanted to make sure that my content was clear and concise. Larger, bright font emphasizing the business name and what was being offered. As well as styled effects on media to draw attention. On my ‘In Shop’, ‘Mobile’, and ‘Fleet’ pages I wanted to keep enough similarity that someone browsing through the site would not be overwhelmed by effects and information getting thrown around each page. For each of the pages, I included a main element of text explaining what the page is showcasing and its benefit to the reader, as well as an associated table or list emphasizing key features of each service. My ‘About’ page is, well, this; explaining my thought and reasoning behind the content, design, and styling of my webpage, and where I hope I can take the site or at least its concepts in the future. My ‘Contact’ page is an easy to follow, and clearly laid out contact form requesting basic information from the customer. The form is short and sweet, designed for someone to be able to fill it out quickly and not get overwhelmed by a long list of questions and information requests.<br>
Though I am proud of the website I was able to put together, there is always ample room for improvement and growth within the site design, and styling. The number one feature I feel I could have improved and fine-tuned with additional time would be my base element layout. I feel that I bounced back and forth through each page on which elements I was using which made the styling within CSS a longer process than it should have been. Going back and setting myself with a standard coding structure to each page would have made the site a lot more uniform. I would have also liked to spend more time playing with different color pallets and arrays. In future updates to the site, I would love the opportunity to add additional media content to each page; to really increase the eye-catching appeal of the site. I would also like to be able to spend more time with fonts and font styling to make each page and text content to have some form of individualism from each other. Lastly, I would love to be able practice more CSS styling features to add more customization and pop to the site. I utilized attributes of shadowing, border control and transformations but would like to be able to learn to utilize different attributes and styles to make the page less of just a square.<br>

